He not only knew, he had your license plate number in his dream
So shameless
Yes, this lady doesn't even remember the car number
How did player Ye know the number of the ninety-five supreme grades?
It was a graduation gift from my father
How could you forget
Oh, I see.
It must be Ye Xiuyuan
I have long envied Miss Jing
Always pay attention to the dynamics of the eldest lady
Even what car to buy
He knows all about Haobai
This is to imitate and impersonate the eldest lady.
It's not embarrassing.
Look in the mirror
Not so rich
Don't dream of wealth
Yes, people are more important in self-knowledge
You have to mock me, I dare not?
Miss, look at me today
There are a lot of adults, but I don't care about you.
Don't make trouble with me in the future
It's getting late today
Let's get in the car.
Just waiting for the eldest lady to speak
I can finally experience a luxury car
I'm so excited.
Go go go go
Why hasn't dad come back yet?
Is Xiao Zheng late?
Nope.
But I asked him to send a few of my colleagues back first.
Ouch, good girl.
You are so kind
But now it's too late to send a car
Slow and congested
Is that so?
Dad, I'll contact the helicopter at home to pick you up.
Hey no
Hey, did you hear?
A helicopter landed on the roof of the company yesterday
This is not a movie
How is that possible?
I asked
It's the chairperson's jet.
Yesterday, I came to pick up a lady late